docs/pages/cloud/architecture.mdx, before:

---
title: Teleport Cloud Architecture
description: Cloud security, availability and networking details.
---

## Security

We have designed the Teleport Cloud environment to be secure; however we are still in the process of
scrutinizing and executing on our security roadmap and working with independent security
auditors to identify any gaps. Only once this is complete, the team will evaluate
whether the Teleport Cloud is ready for strict compliance use-cases.

## Compliance

(!docs/pages/includes/soc2.mdx!)

## Managed Teleport Settings

SSH sessions are recorded [on nodes](../architecture/nodes.mdx).
Teleport Cloud Proxy does not terminate SSH sessions when using OpenSSH and `tsh` sessions.
The Cloud Proxy terminates TLS for Application, Database and Kubernetes sessions.

## Data retention
Data retention cannot currently be configured by customers. All Teleport Cloud
customers have audit logs retained in DynamoDB for 1 year, cluster configuration
retained in DynamoDB indefinitely, and session recordings retained in S3 indefinitely.
When data retention policies are introduced, customers will be contacted and
able to specify their preferred data retention schedules.

Customers whose subscriptions lapse will have all session recordings, audit logs, and
cluster state deleted between 7 and 30 days after the lapse.

## High Availability

### Auth Service
The Teleport [auth service](https://goteleport.com/docs/architecture/authentication/) is deployed within the AWS us-west-2 region in 4 availability zones, and can tolerate a single zone failure. AWS guarantees [99.99%](https://aws.amazon.com/compute/sla/) of monthly uptime.

### Proxies
The Teleport [proxy service](https://goteleport.com/docs/architecture/proxy/) can be deployed to multiple AWS regions around the world for low-latency access to distributed infrastructure.

- us-west-2 (default)
- us-east-1
- eu-central-1
- ap-south-1
- ap-southeast-1
- sa-east-1

The multi-region option is currently opt-in by default. Once you have an account, please reach out to your account manager, customer success engineer, or support@goteleport.com. A future update will expand the region availability and make all regions available by default.


## Service Level Agreement

Teleport Cloud commits to an SLA of (=cloud.sla.monthly_percentage=) of monthly uptime,
a maximum of (=cloud.sla.monthly_downtime=) of downtime per month. As we continue to invest in the
cloud product and infrastructure, the SLA will be increased.

Commit message:

Added section on Cloud upgrades.

docs/pages/cloud/architecture.mdx, after:

---
title: Teleport Cloud Architecture
description: Cloud security, availability and networking details.
---

## Security

We have designed the Teleport Cloud environment to be secure; however we are still in the process of
scrutinizing and executing on our security roadmap and working with independent security
auditors to identify any gaps. Only once this is complete, the team will evaluate
whether the Teleport Cloud is ready for strict compliance use-cases.

## Compliance

(!docs/pages/includes/soc2.mdx!)

## Managed Teleport Settings

SSH sessions are recorded [on nodes](../architecture/nodes.mdx).
Teleport Cloud Proxy does not terminate SSH sessions when using OpenSSH and `tsh` sessions.
The Cloud Proxy terminates TLS for Application, Database and Kubernetes sessions.

## Data retention
Data retention cannot currently be configured by customers. All Teleport Cloud
customers have audit logs retained in DynamoDB for 1 year, cluster configuration
retained in DynamoDB indefinitely, and session recordings retained in S3 indefinitely.
When data retention policies are introduced, customers will be contacted and
able to specify their preferred data retention schedules.

Customers whose subscriptions lapse will have all session recordings, audit logs, and
cluster state deleted between 7 and 30 days after the lapse.

## High Availability

### Auth Service
The Teleport [auth service](https://goteleport.com/docs/architecture/authentication/) is deployed within the AWS us-west-2 region in 4 availability zones, and can tolerate a single zone failure. AWS guarantees [99.99%](https://aws.amazon.com/compute/sla/) of monthly uptime.

### Proxies
The Teleport [proxy service](https://goteleport.com/docs/architecture/proxy/) can be deployed to multiple AWS regions around the world for low-latency access to distributed infrastructure.

- us-west-2 (default)
- us-east-1
- eu-central-1
- ap-south-1
- ap-southeast-1
- sa-east-1

The multi-region option is currently opt-in by default. Once you have an account, please reach out to your account manager, customer success engineer, or support@goteleport.com. A future update will expand the region availability and make all regions available by default.

## Releases

Teleport Cloud customers are typically running the latest release of the
Teleport Auth and Proxy service.

Teleport Cloud performs patch upgrades on a weekly basis and major upgrades on
a quarterly basis. Teleport Cloud waits for the first minor release before a
major upgrade (for example, 10.1 instead of 10.0). This typically occurs 3-4
weeks after a major release.

Patch releases are fully backward compatible and require no actions by the
customer.

Major releases do require customers to upgrade all agents within 3 months of
the upgrade. Failure to upgrade agents to the latest major release during this
window may lead to compatibility issues with Teleport Cloud and a loss of
access to your infrastructure.

## Service Level Agreement

Teleport Cloud commits to an SLA of (=cloud.sla.monthly_percentage=) of monthly uptime,
a maximum of (=cloud.sla.monthly_downtime=) of downtime per month. As we continue to invest in the
cloud product and infrastructure, the SLA will be increased.
